MultipleDisease Prediction- Predict the likelihood of 3 diseases.Kidney,Indian liver and Parkinson disease.
Kidney Disease- Kidney dataset is read and the target classification count are checked. The dataset contains both numerical and categorical value. Null and Nan value are handled.Classification is our target column and checked for any nan values,spaces,spelling check is done and its unique value is identified.it has 2 category chronic kidney disease and kidney disease.Its unique count is checked.other entries categorical entries such as present/not present, yes/no,normal/abnormal,is mapped with 0 and 1 .checked for null values .All numerical columns are filled into median and categorical column are filled with mode values.EDA is done. Target value distribution is identified and it is visualized.Plotted numerical column vs target and categorical vs target are done to find its distribution. Checked for outlier detection and it is rectified using capping method.Correlation matrix is done and top 10 correlated col are identified and heat map is plotted for numerical column. 10 highly correlated columns are selected as features. Train-test split is done. Imbalance is handled by SMOTE method.Scaling is done. Model is trained and Evaluated using RandomForestCLassifier and confusion matrix.Model and scaling is saved as pickle file.
Parkinson Disease - Dataset is read and the target status value count is checked . There is no Null value is detected in this dataset so EDA is done by finding Target distribution, Numerical column vs target, categorical column vs target distribution is visually done. Correlation matrix is plotted and identified top 10 highly correlated column is identified.Outlier is identified using boxplot for numerical colummn and it is rectified by capping method.Correlation heatmap is plotted for all numerical columns. 10 features are selected and train-test split is done, Imbalance data is handled with SMOTE, scaling is done , Model is trained using RandomForestClassifier.Prediction and Evaluation is done by confusion matrix and ROC curve is plotted. Model and scaler is stored in the pickle file.
Indian Liver Disease-  Dataset is read and the target Dataset value count is checked. Checked for missing and NAN values and its handled. CAtegorical column GENDER is mapped to 0/1 .Target Dataset is also mapped to 0/1 and its count is checked.EDA is done by finding Target distribution, Numerical column vs target, categorical column vs target distribution is visually done. Correlation matrix is plotted and identified top 10 highly correlated column is identified.Outlier is identified using boxplot for numerical colummn and it is rectified by capping method.Correlation heatmap is plotted for all numerical columns.features are selected and train-test split is done, Imbalance data is handled with SMOTE, scaling is done , Model is trained using RandomForestClassifier and caliberatedclassifierCV.Prediction and Evaluation is done by confusion matrix and ROC curve is plotted. Model and scaler is stored in the pickle file. Combined streamlit page iscreated and options are made by choosing 3 diseases. Each disease has 2 prediction . 1. Single prediction - where user is allowed to enter the 10 input values and by clicking predict button , prediction is made for a single entry of record. 
  2. Batch Prediction - It allow user to upload the CSV file and it display the original dataframe and when prediction button is clicked , the dataframe along with the probability ratio and prediction is made . This make prediction easy for complete file at once . The dataframe can also be downloaded .
